Hey!
This is "Moro's Club
in the 100."
The Argentine Republic's
number one radio station.
Every morning...
The dollar started the week
with a rise...
♪ I want to fuck you
all night long ♪
♪ I want you to kiss me
all night long In the car ♪
♪ In the car
♪ Let's change stages.
let's go somewhere else ♪
♪ Sweaty.
through unexplored places ♪
♪ Foggy windows.
dirty smeared ♪
♪ Tripping hard on this journey
through your body ♪
♪ Only you and me
♪ Alone on the road
♪ Come on baby.
get kinky. get mean ♪
♪ She gets so crazy
♪ She takes everything off
♪ Parked on the side of the road
you give me your juice ♪
♪ I want to have you
all night long ♪
♪ I want to squeeze you
all night long. in the car ♪
♪ In the car
♪ I want to fuck you
all night long ♪
♪ I want you to kiss me
all night long in the car ♪
♪ In the car
♪ Foggy windows.
reclined seats ♪
♪ If they see us
they'll be jealous ♪
♪ Fuck them
♪ I don't give a shit
if the car moves ♪
♪ Inside we're like a pair
of lions fucking in the fog ♪
♪ Foggy windows.
dirty smeared ♪
♪ Tripping hard on this journey
through your body ♪
♪ She gets so crazy.
takes it all off ♪
♪ Parked on the side of the road
you give me your body ♪
♪ I want to have you
all night long ♪
♪ I want to squeeze you
all night long in the car ♪
♪ In the car
♪ I want you to fuck me
all night long ♪
♪ I want you to kiss me
♪ In the car
Hello.
Good morning.
Welcome aboard.
Let me introduce myself.
I'm Doctor Enrique Ferrari.
My patients call me Quique.
Are you there?
Hello?
- Hello.
- Very good.
I'm the owner of this SUV.
I've been robbed
28 times in my life.
It sounds like a lie. but
if you do the math it was 28.
Plus yours today. 29.
- Let me out!
- Ssshh!
Let me talk.
We'll have plenty of time
to talk.
You're inside my 4x4.
It has an alarm
that's connected to my phone.
and I can lock
all the doors with it.
It's totally bulletproof.
It won't move.
the active suspension is locked.
It's soundproof.
The windows are bulletproof
and polarized.
The front windshield
is also polarized.
The only thing
that's not bulletproof
is the gas tank.
It can hold 120 liters.
and it's full.
It's a potential bomb.
I'm just saying.
in case you decide to rebel.
Do you know what would happen?
Boom!
I'm a widower. I was born
in Quilmes 60 years ago.
I had a normal childhood
for a middle-class child
at that time.
The doors of the houses
were never locked.
We're in such bad shape
that we miss what life was
like half a century ago.
What would you do
if you caught your son stealing?
I don't know.
Wrong answer.
- I'm thirsty.
- Can you hear me?
Hello!
I'm going to report you.
son of a bitch.
I'm melting to death in here.
I want water!
I swear I'll get out of here
and kill you. son of a bitch!
I'll kill you!
You and all your family!
Let me out of here!
Let's try again.
What would you do
if you caught your son stealing?
I'm thirsty.
Let me out. son of a bitch.
If you answer correctly.
I'll give you water.
What would you do
if you caught your son stealing?
I'd grab him by the ears.
and take him to the coppers.
Take him where?
- To the police.
- No. wrong.
Neither the police. judges.
teachers. nor lawyers.
He's your son. you have to set
the example yourself.
That's enough.
I've learned my lesson.
Can I tell you something?
Listen to this...
Last December two men broke
into my daughter's house
when she was parking her car.
I had trained her
for a situation like this.
She avoided making eye contact.
She had money prepared
to hand them out.
But that wasn't enough.
They even took
their toothbrushes.
That's enough. please.
I want to get out.
They grabbed my grandson.
and put a gun to his head.
He's five years old.
Do you get it?
They held a gun to his head
for three hours.
After that they sold the house.
and moved to Barcelona.
I'm dying of thirst.
What kind of doctor are you?
Good question.
Take a guess.
What kind of doctor am I?
Come on. guess.
I don't know. Let me out.
I'm not a cardiologist.
Nor a clinical doctor.
nor a surgeon.
Come on. take a guess.
There aren't that many left.
Leave me alone!
I'll give you a hint.
I work
where everyone else plays.
Water!
Hey! Hey!
Hey!
Hey. man!
Your ID number. please.
Water.
Your ID number. buddy.
I'm thirsty.
Give me your first name.
last name. and ID number.
And I'll give you water.
Ciro.
Ciro Bermúdez.
Thirty-six...
eighty-seven...
Ninety. twenty-seven.
Zero. two. seven. good.
For the water.
check the washer
hose in the back.
Neighbordwhood watch...
What do I know?
They use it for cars.
For houses.
For businesses.
It's no good for anything.
Right now there must
be thousands of alarms
going off in the city.
So many...
Like a concert.
I'm wounded. and I have a fever.
What should I do?
Is this a consultation?
Yes.
Well.
everything depends on the
person's general condition.
A fever with a wound
is a different story.
Time passes very fast.
What happened to you?
A gunshot in my leg.
Wow!
How did this happen?
I shot myself.
it was an accident.
Is it still bleeding?
No.
Not a lot.
What color is the skin
around the wound?
Yellow.
Is it hot?
Yes. yes.
That doesn't sound good.
I'll turn the heat on.
If you have a fever.
then you must feel cold.
No. no. no.
Today I woke up early.
I went out for a run at 7 AM.
I had breakfast.
I went to the lab
to get the results
of the tests
I had done last week.
It's over. the spot expanded.
My insides
are completely invaded.
It's no big deal.
Optimistically. I've got
about a year left to live.
That's not so bad.
A lot of things can happen
in one year. you know?
If you're organized.
you can change the world.
Or a piece of the world
that's closest to you.
I was remembering dates
and places.
Things that happened to me
in the past few years.
and I wrote them down.
Listen to this.
August 1998. I went out
for dinner with some friends.
When we were leaving they had
stolen two wheels off my car.
It was a Peugeot 205.
January 2001. they got
into the patio in my house.
and stole
some garden furniture.
things from the pool.
and meat from the patio fridge.
March 2006.
an armed robbery
in La Taba Restaurant
in Vicente López.
They robbed everyone there.
and hit an old man
with the grip of a gun.
April 2008.
they got into my wife's car
at a stoplight in San Miguel.
and forced her to go shopping
with the credit card.
They'd choose and she'd pay.
Ma'am. buy me the LCD TV.
buy me the Samsung...
October 2009.
I go to River's stadium.
the guy looking after my car
scratched it
because I wouldn't pay him
700 pesos upfront.
August 2011. they broke
into my parents' house
when my dad was parking the car
in the garage.
My mom was outside
opening the gate for him.
they were already old.
They didn't use guns.
but they really beat him up.
I'll leave you now.
I have an emergency.
We'll continue later.
Son of a bitch!
Don't come back
to the neighborhood!
Go fuck yourself!
If you come back.
I'll beat you up!
You're all useless!
Always the same thing!
They never do anything.
I'm sick of this.
What a shitty neighborhood!
Saprotrophs.
Tenth grade biology.
I never passed.
They're these fucking animals
that eat the other's leftovers.
And keep nature in balance.
Too many people on the streets
have too many things.
And those things
have to be distributed
so that everyone can enjoy them.
This place is full
of poor people.
With laws made by rich people
for rich people.
I will not obey them.
not even if they gun me down.
Yes.
Thief.
Just like my father.
Just like my grandfather.
I'll do whatever you say.
I'll do whatever you want.
I swear I'll behave.
But I want to go home.
Don't worry. you're not
missing out on anything.
I'm having breakfast
and reading the newspaper.
North Korea conducts
a new nuclear test.
That fat guy is crazy.
Del Potro is among
the 10 tallest
tennis players in history.
Look at that.
He's really amazing.
Does "mate" make you fat?
Fifteen myths and truths
about our national drink.
Men and women
from Buenos Aires
are among the most unfaithful
in the world.
Well. today I got up
in a good mood.
So you're in luck.
There's a chocolate bar
behind the brakes.
Hold on one second.
I have a call on
my other cell phone.
Hello. Yes.
Tell me quickly.
I'm on another call.
Yes. you'll have to come
to the clinic. What happened?
Her water broke?
Was there any physical strain?
Tell her to go quickly
to the emergency room.
and to say that
she's Doctor Ferrari's patient.
Okay. I'll see you soon.
I'm sorry.
that was my secretary.
Water.
And a joint.
Here comes the girl in leggings
with her dog.
That dog is worth more
than 1.000 dollars.
Punctual.
First the wife comes out.
and stands on guard.
The man opens the gate.
and gets his car out.
And she stays there surveying
everything from the sidewalk.
This guy keeps his door open
with the hose.
So easy.
I'll show up
and all he can do is pray
while I look for all his money.
What a wuss.
Those little brothers don't have
more than a cell phone
in their backpacks.
The old man gets
the car started and leaves.
Now he'll look
through the mirror.
and watch the old woman
go back inside.
And he leaves.
Homeless son of a bitch.
Yesterday two rotten apples.
Today he's having pizza.
Hey!
Here!
In here!
Help!
Hey!
Hello. Ciro.
I have news from Irina
and Lionel.
What?
What you just heard.
How do you know
my family's names.
son of a bitch?
Don't you even think
about doing something to them.
Take it easy.
I didn't do anything to them.
On the contrary. I met with them
and explained everything.
I said I work for the lottery.
that Ciro Bermúdez
had played a lottery ticket.
and that
they could collect $100.000
immediately and in cash.
You were at my house?
Yes.
106 St. Tower 3.
Apartment 10-E.
San Benito.
Of course Irina accepted
the money I gave her.
I allowed myself to suggest
that she should try
to stop renting.
That she should buy a property.
And use the rest to give the kid
a good education.
She is a young
and beautiful woman.
She'll always have the chance
to restart her life.
I didn't do anything to you.
son of a bitch.
You did so little to have
such a beautiful family.
You don't deserve it.
Do you know that?
I have your
criminal record here.
It's interesting.
Have you ever killed anyone?
I mean. how does it feel?
No.
I didn't kill anyone.
They say that the first time
you kill it's horrible.
And the rest of the deaths...
Once you've killed.
you don't even feel them.
I didn't kill anyone.
Are you crazy?
You didn't kill anyone?
The Salerno brothers
from the tire shop in Barracas.
Do you remember?
You broke in to rob them.
but he fought back...
So you shot him.
The guy pulled a knife out.
Teófilo Mendoza.
bus driver. 64 years old.
You beat him up
so you could rob the passengers.
He was two days away
from retirement.
The old man refused
to cooperate.
Aha!
Look at this. Armed robbery
in Villa Ballester.
Cristina Beruti.
You and another one
stole her car and purse.
And two blocks later
you ran over Mercedes Torres.
She dies immediately.
You were at
a youth detention center.
You have a good curriculum.
I made mistakes.
I paid for them.
What else do you want?
Nothing.
You're the chosen one.
You're condemned.
Just like me.
Hi. we're Irina...
And Lionel.
This is our bat-voicemail.
Leave your message
after the bat-beep.
Irina...
I screwed up again.
Lio...
It's daddy.
Come on.
Get out.
Good luck.
]
Fucking gear stick!
Fuck.
Sir.
I need you to pay
for the food and get going.
Fucking low life.
do you hear what I'm saying?
What's wrong with you?
Don't you know how to talk?
Please.
I want to see my son.
That's impossible. no way.
If I can't get out.
I'll kill myself.
And then it'll all be over.
One...
Two...
Well?
What happened?
Hello?
The bullet got stuck?
Sunday is a shitty day
for everything.
Even for committing suicide.
What do we do on Sundays?
We wash the car...
We celebrate the goals.
We eat all day long
just waiting for Monday.
Look at me.
Look at me. I'm up front.
Lights. camera. action.
Do you see me?
Yes.
We finally meet.
I left the hospital
to say hi to you.
Nice to meet you.
I'm Enrique.
Surprise.
I brought you
what you asked for.
Your last wish.
A joint.
I bought it for you.
I don't smoke.
Take it.
Come on...
Come on.
There we go.
I brought this for me.
Chocolate covered peanuts.
I love
chocolate covered peanuts.
How's your wound?
Let me see.
Get your hand out of there.
We have to drain this.
Stop screaming.
Does that hurt?
Yes.
- Does it hurt a lot?
- A lot.
A lot.
- On a scale of one to ten?
- Ten!
It'll get better.
It doesn't matter anyway.
Margarita. how are you?
Yes. I can talk.
I'm at a medical congress
on Dominican Republic.
The baby is coming early?
How long between
each contraction?
Get the bag ready
with your husband.
And head slowly to the hospital.
Doctor Ernesto Flores
will receive you there.
He always takes my cases
when I'm not there.
Write the number down.
15-3-176-5432.
And as I always say.
in the belly
of every pregnant mother
is a treasure. darling.
No!
Help.
Come here!
Let me go. son of a bitch.
- Come here.
- Let me go. son of a bitch!
- Not back in the SUV.
- Look at what you did.
- Not in the SUV!
- Yes. yes.
Help!
Help me.
Freeze. police!
The gun.
Drop the gun.
Help. this man is crazy.
He locked me in his SUV.
Help!
Take it easy.
we'll settle this ourselves.
We'll drink a coffee and talk.
This is not your problem.
Not you. not the police.
or anybody else.
- So get going. girl.
- Help me.
Do you always risk
your life for a bad salary?
Congratulations.
This is not what you're
thinking. you're mistaken.
This is his gun.
he tried to steal my SUV.
He shot me. look.
And you're pointing at me.
That's enough. drop the gun!
After two hours of tension.
the situation here
remains the same.
I'd like to ask you.
who are on the other side.
to those of you in the studio.
What is happening to us
as a society?
Up to what point
are these young criminals
not the real victims?
Have we thought about
what kind of education they get?
What opportunities
did they have in their lives?
He's the thief.
I'm the victim!
Someone has taken justice
into their own hands.
Human rights are to blame
for our country's problems.
I've been asked by the D.A.
to tell you to calm down.
please.
And tell us what you want.
I don't want anything.
Hey. all of you!
I want you to vote.
Put it in the headlines:
What should I do?
Should I kill him.
or turn him over to the cops?
Where he'll be released
tomorrow.
I'll do whatever you decide.
But we all have to commit
to this.
Kill him!
No hypocrisy.
just your hand on your heart.
Even if we look bad.
The truth. the truth!
We have to call Amadeo.
the negotiator.
He's retired. it's impossible.
Call him.
On Twitter. on everything...
Ma'am. please.
Kill him or give him
to the police?
Officer. I've brought food
for the man and the robber.
Ma'am. please leave now!
I'm hungry.
Hey.
Hey. how's it going?
- How are you?
- I'm great.
- Thanks for coming. sir.
- No problem.
I wasn't doing much.
I was watching you on TV.
- A vest?
- No. thanks.
- Well?
- Follow me.
Yes.
Hello. doctor.
Hey. boy.
I'll introduce myself.
I'm Julio Amadeo.
mediator for the city police.
I'm here to see if...
If I can help.
Doctor. is there anything
I can do for you?
There is something
you can do for me.
The dog shit problem.
I leave my clinic
on Syria Street...
I walk ten blocks
to Palermo Park...
There are 10 buildings
per block. that's 100 buildings.
There are 10 dogs per building.
That's 1.000 dogs.
At two dog stools per day.
That's 2.000 turds. Julio.
That I avoid every day.
Because their owners...
Have a plastic bag.
but if you don't look at them.
they don't do anything.
Excuse me. Enrique.
Drop the gun.
and let the boy go.
We both know he has
nothing to do with this.
The issue is something else.
True. The problem is deciding
what's fair and what's not.
And that's what I'm doing.
I'm tired of hearing
that "at least nobody got hurt".
That I should be thankful
they weren't on drugs.
Or that luckily
they were professionals.
They're sons of bitches!
- They're from the neighborhood!
- Silence. silence!
Let me take care
of that son of a bitch.
Doctor.
I'd like you to reflect
upon this for one minute.
You're angry.
But not at the boy.
he has nothing to do with this.
You're angry at the world.
And I understand. because
you're not the only one.
We're all angry. very angry.
That doesn't matter. at least
I did something about it.
Or what's left?
Living abroad?
Look.
look at all the people here.
Look at this beautiful show.
Julio.
The boy has already
learned his lesson.
- Let him go.
- No.
For what? For justice
to do the work?
Sons of bitches!
They go in one door.
and exit through another!
I believe in my own justice.
end of story.
I hunted this one down.
he's mine.
I'm angry too!
Do you know the difference
between my anger and yours?
It's that I know
this isn't good for anything!
This is a free-for-all
neighborhood!
We get robbed here every day!
Let's see. how many
of you have been robbed?
Raise your hands.
How many have fences?
How many have alarms?
How many are scared
of taking your kids to school.
so you check
the gates before entering?
This man has nothing to lose.
that's why in his head...
He'll always win.
The son of a bitch is a samurai.
Let's hear it for the police
who are present here. good job.
I'm going to drag this out
a bit.
I'll see if he gets tired.
Doctor.
Let me bring you both
some water.
Safety. safety. safety!
There we go.
Let's go.
Safety. safety. safety!
No. no. no.
The girl. my friend.
Go ahead.
The gun.
Taboada. Taboada.
Follow Tapia.
Follow Tapia. Taboada.
Thanks. sweetheart.
- He requested water.
- Not for him. for the hostage...
Give me that.
Doctor. Think about it.
You're an educated man.
Look. I'm going to tell you
a story.
The story of a boy
who lives in his house
with his younger brother.
his mom. a house wife.
and his dad. who works
at a meat processing plant.
A normal family. I'd say.
On an ordinary day the man
leaves his home to go to work.
and he never comes back.
Those were complicated
months for the family.
The father
wasn't around. but...
Time eventually healed things.
The boys continued
at school with their friends.
The woman met a man.
He was a dentist. a widower
from the neighborhood.
You must be wondering
what my point is with this.
I'm saying
that whatever happens.
whatever you do...
The world keeps on spinning.
The years passed. and this boy
became a young man.
He was 20 years old.
And one day he looks
out of his window.
and sees a disheveled man.
A filthy man under the rain.
He seems homeless.
he's staring at him.
But he didn't really
pay attention to it.
A few days later
he leaves his house
to go to school.
And he sees a crowd
in the middle of the street.
And somebody
was lying dead on the ground.
He had been run over.
He was the same homeless man.
who a few days earlier
was staring at his house.
And now he recognizes him.
This homeless man
was his father.
And the young man...
Was me.
Listen doctor.
I'm going to speak frankly.
Look me in the eye.
These eyes have seen it all.
I don't have a wife anymore.
she passed away.
We didn't have kids.
we weren't able to.
I have few friends.
My best friend was Coquito.
a cat who died of old age.
I don't have savings.
I don't have dollars.
I live off
of my police retirement.
And I can guarantee you.
I don't want to have
anything I don't have.
I have fucking nothing to lose.
Less than you.
Do you know
what the only thing I have is?
Three beers in the fridge.
Don't give in. doctor!
Let go of the boy.
he's learned his lesson.
And drop the gun.
When all of this is over...
You can come to my place
one day.
we can have a beer.
eat some pizza.
and have a long chat.
Come on. let him go.
Kill him!
What?
And if I don't want to.
what happens?
You know exactly what happens.
If I kill him. you kill me?
Kill him. shoot him.
Go on. shoot him!
That way you end
all of his troubles.
The boy won't feel
anything anymore.
Now. the burden of that death
is something
you'll carry on your own.
Drop the gun.
he could be your son.
Daughter. I have a daughter.
Okay. your daughter.
My daughter
would never kill anyone.
But she would still be
the daughter of a man
who has been threatening
to kill a boy for five hours.
Do you want to kill him
in front of everyone?
Do you want to do
it for the cameras?
For the cameras. you say?
I've brought tons of babies
into this world!
Kill him. he'll be one less!
He must pay for it!
Put him in jail!
We want to feel safe!
Let him go.
you crazy asshole!
They should all be killed!
He's a person too!
We should kill them all!
In the end. what are you?
Just a murderer?
- Kill him!
- He's a person!
Let him go. he's just a boy.
He's a human being.
Let's go!
- Thank you.
- Grab him!
Stay still. stay still!
Drop the gun. please.
- Stay still.
- Against the car.
Come on. put him
against the car.
We have the boy. everyone ready.
It's over. Enrique.
Please.
We're all ready.
Let's go. let's go!
No! Step back!
- Everyone. step back!
- Let's go!
Holy shit!
Move! Move! Move!
The people from the neighborhood
are truly shocked.
After hours of following
the alternatives
closely behind police lines...
After the unthinkable
occurred...
The neighbours
can't seem to get over
the surprise of this outcome.
The country is still shocked
with the Enrique Ferrari case.
The obstetrician.
As we all know.
the case had a tragic
and surprising ending.
One more case of someone
taking justice
into their own hands.
On this occasion.
Enrique Ferrari.
or the "Samurai Doctor".
as the press called him.
challenged all limits.
and became a leading case.
One which has opened
a new debate
about the subject that worries
all Argentineans the most.
The lack of safety.
Ciro Bermúdez. the robber
who was held captive
inside the SUV.
could recover his freedom
in the following hours.
The remains
of a late night of fury
can be seen in the neighborhood.
...the 4x4 SUV was parked
next to a space for rent.
It was a cage on wheels.
kind of a mousetrap.
Colleagues and friends
from the hospital
assured us that the obstetrician
was well liked and respected
at the San Giuliano Clinic.
We've gone out to the streets
to ask people what they think.